feat: Adds desc about the new EUID lookup methods (#315)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.configuration.md

### Customer User Invitations

When a user is invited to a customer there are several configurations to customize this invitation flow which is explained below.

> Certain importance is the setup of the new user EUID (external user-id) property. This value identifies the user against external systems during project replication. Usually, it is set when the user logs in via e.g. a Keycloak installation. However, to directly start replicating a newly invited user, without requiring him to login at least once, several methods can be set up to fetch the EUID from an external identity provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of importance is the setup of the new user EUID (external user-id) property. This value identifies the user against external systems during project replication. The EUID is updated for every log in of the user into meshPanel. However, to directly start replicating a newly invited user, without requiring the user to login at least once, several methods can be set up to fetch the EUID from an external identity provider.
```

Author: adapted.

      }
```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

If this initial config if present you can decide to setup the following optional user identity steps:

<!--snippet:mesh.meshfed.identity.azure.guest#type-->

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--Dhall Type-->
```dhall
let AzureGuestDetection =
    {-
      When adding/inviting a new user to a customer a custom attribute property from the AAD data
      can be used to determine if it is a guest user.
      Attention: This check is only performed on the first attempt when a user is added/invited
      to a customer. If this check is configured after some users were initially added to a
      customer they are not detected as guest users anymore.

        guest-property:
            The AAD's custom attribute which is checked against the guest-value.

        guest-value:
            If the AAD custom attribute matches this value the user is considered to be a guest.
    -}
      { guest-property : Text, guest-value : Text }
```
<!--Example-->
```dhall
let example
    : AzureGuestDetection
    = { guest-property = "guest-property", guest-value = "is-guest" }
```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

> <!--snippet:mesh.meshfed.identity.azure.euid#type-->

Reviewer: f: This part about identity lookup setup is duplicating https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshstack.configuration.html#configure-for-azure-aad

d: As this is now getting a lot of material for lookup and user-invitation setup, it could make sense to give it it's own page.

Author: updated and unified the configs. About the question for the dedicated page... yeah. But I originally did not want to do that because then we have this one single page outstanding there... I am just not sure about the overall structure of the docs in that area. Maybe we should think about if we can find a better/more organized structure in general and then push/sort all the pages once.

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--Dhall Type-->
```dhall
let AzureEuidExtensionSchema =
    {-
      When adding/inviting a new user to a customer a custom attribute property from the users AAD
      extension schema can be used to fill in his euid.

      Attention: This check is only performed on the first attempt when a user is added/invited
      to a customer. If this check is configured after some users were initially added to a
      customer their euid's are not udpated anymore.

        euidExtensionSchemaProperty:
            The name of the extension schema property which is used as EUID value.
    -}
      { euidExtensionSchemaProperty : Text
      , euidExtensionSchemaIdentifier : Text
      }
```
<!--Example-->
```dhall
let example
    : AzureEuidExtensionSchema
    = { euidExtensionSchemaProperty = "euid-schema-property"

>       , euidExtensionSchemaIdentifier = "euid-schema-identfifier"

Reviewer: d: If we only support accessing properties that are inside schema extensions, this should be made clear in docs.

Author: I made it clear in the DHALL comments (which are also in the docs) that normal properties also work out for that cause.

```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

If you want to use Google Cloud Directory in order to perform additional user setup steps you must configure the principal like so:

<!--snippet:mesh.meshfed.identity.gcd.creds#type-->

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--Dhall Type-->
```dhall
let GcdCreds =
    {-
      Setting this configuration enables the use of an GCD as a user lookup source to allow
      autocomplete of user information when adding new users to customers.

        domain:
            The domain used for cloud identity directory-groups created and managed by meshStack.
            meshStack maintains separate groups for each meshProject role on each managed GCP project.

        customer-id:
            The client id of the service principal

        service-account-credentials-b64:
            The credentials of the service principal
    -}
      { domain : Text
      , customer-id : Text
      , service-account-credentials-b64 : Secret.Type
      }
```
<!--Example-->
```dhall
let example
    : GcdCreds
    = { domain = "example.com"
      , customer-id = "customer-id"
      , service-account-credentials-b64 =
          Secret.fromAnsible "gcp_credentials"
      }
```

> <!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

Reviewer: f: As with the Azure part, this duplicates https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshstack.configuration.html#configure-for-google-cloud-directory.

Author: unified the GCP stuff as well.

      }
```
<!--Example-->
```dhall
let example
    : GcdCreds
    = { domain = "example.com"
      , customer-id = "customer-id"
      , service-account-credentials-b64 =
          Secret.fromAnsible "gcp_credentials"
      }
```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

The GCD Service User needs read access to the [GCD Directory API](https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/directory/v1/get-start/getting-started).

If this initial config if present you can decide to setup the following optional user identity steps:

<!--snippet:mesh.meshfed.identity.gcd.euid#type-->

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--Dhall Type-->
```dhall
let GcdEuid =
    {-
      When adding/inviting a new user to a customer a custom attribute property from the users GCD
      custom schema can be used to fill in his euid.

      Attention: This check is only performed on the first attempt when a user is added/invited
      to a customer. If this check is configured after some users were initially added to a
      customer their euid's are not udpated anymore.

        euidCustomSchema:
            The name of the extension schema which contains the EUID value.

        euidProperty:

>             The name auf the custom schema property which is used as EUID value.

Reviewer 2: vielleicht kannst du `of` benutzen ;-)

Author: ;D
